.TH MODULES-UPDATE 8 "Gentoo Linux" "2001"
.SH NAME
modules\-update \- (re)generate /etc/modules.conf
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B modules\-update
[force]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B modules\-update
is a simple tool to manage
.IR /etc/modules.conf
The Linux module utilities use one configuration file for all their
configuration. This makes it hard for packages to dynamically add
information about their own modules. To fix this
.B modules\-update
has been introduced.
.PP
.B modules-update
attempts to fix this by generating the configuration file from seperate
files which are located in
.IR /etc/modules.d .
All files in that directory are assembled together to form
.IR /etc/modules.conf .
.PP
After generation a backup of the old file is put in
.IR /etc/modules.conf.old .
.SH "FILES"
There are two types of file you can put in
.IR /etc/modutils :
normal files and exectuable files. Normal files contain standard modules
configuration information, as described in
.BR modules.conf (5).
Executable files are executed and their output is used as extra configuration
information. Error messages sent to stderr are not redirected.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I force
.B modules\-update
will check if the current
.I /etc/modules.conf
is a generated file by checking for a special tag on the first line. If this
tag is not found generation is aborted. By supplying
.I force
as parameter only a warning is printed.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR depmod (1)
.BR modules.conf (5)
.SH BUGS
None of course! :)
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Wichert Akkerman <wakkerma@debian.org>
for the Debian GNU/Linux system. Modified for
.I Gentoo Linux.
